When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	When you want to share your code with others and when you would like to backup your files

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Similarly with git allowing you to choose when to commit, pulling changes manually allows you power to only share commits which are ready to become public

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	-branches allow you to create distinct "path" in your commit history and allow you to access specific commits by name

	-forks are used by (and in the context of) GitHub to clone one repository from another so that the new repository refers back to the old one and it becomes easier to suggest changes to the original repository

	-cloning a repository allows you to make a copy of a repository with complete commit history present

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	This allows you to always know what changes you have made to your code have not been published yet. It also allows you to have a copy of the remote version locally, even if there is a conflict between it and your current branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I would probably still be using svn ;) but without any version control, I would have to send files independently like in the beginning of the lecture, which would not be ideal.

	I don't know if there is anything that would be easier - I guess the learning curve would be a bit less!

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	When you want others to review your work first before entering it into the master branch, you might want to make changes in a separate branch first.
	If you are making changes which you know are small and don't affect anything, then maybe making the changes directly in the master branch is ok. It would certainly be faster - but I now think that one should always err on the side of branch.
